# Cognex-Data-Converter
This program is ueed in conjunction with a Cognex Vision System on a Factory Line. The line has over 60 vision systems all capturing thousands of images on a daily basis. The problem with these images is that they take up a huge amount of storage so the old settings on the PC would overwrite the images after every 4000 so the max we would save for each vision system was 4000 of th emost recent images.

The problem with this is in the event of a customer complaint or for process analysis there is very little historial images to look at in this 4000. Maybe a week or 2 at best. This program is a solution to this issue. Running on a windows scheduled task, these scripts are used for each Vision System. THe script runs at the end of the shift everyday. It takes all the images from that day and sends them to a file location on a hard drtive connected to the PC. It then compresses the images by converting them to a JPEG from a BMP. This reduces the size by over 20 times.

This allows us to store at least a year of images on a 2TB hard drive which is more than enough. Regular backups can be taken. After conversion it is worth noting that the images cannot be viewed with their Cognex data overlay however another script has been created which will convert the images back to their initial state if they need to be analysed. This allows the clinet to have full tracability of their images from the beginnning to the end of their line and it can be used to analyse line issues and for customer complaints.
